[docs] Added troubleshooting section to Typescript docs (#2465)
statelyai/xstate: docs/guides/typescript.md

```

:::

## Troubleshooting

> There are some known limitations with XState and Typescript. We love Typesript, and we're _constantly_ pressing ahead to make it better.

Author: ```suggestion
There are some known limitations with XState and Typescript. We love Typescript, and we're _constantly_ pressing ahead to make it a better experience in XState.
```

> There are some known limitations with XState and Typescript. We love Typescript, and we're _constantly_ pressing ahead to make it a better experience in XState.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some known limitations with XState and TypeScript. We love TypeScript, and we're _constantly_ pressing ahead to make it a better experience in XState.
```

Here are some known issues, all of which can be worked around:

### Events in machine options

When you use `createMachine`, you can pass in implementations to named actions/services/guards in your config. For instance:

```ts
interface Context {}

type Event =
  | { type: 'EVENT_WITH_FLAG'; flag: boolean }
  | {
      type: 'EVENT_WITHOUT_FLAG';
    };

createMachine<Context, Event>(
  {
    on: {
      EVENT_WITH_FLAG: {
        actions: 'consoleLogData'
      }
    }
  },
  {
    actions: {

>       flag: (context, event) => {

Reviewer 2: Oh cool, I can comment here. Haven't done this before. So I'll be a little verbose as I enjoy the experience. 😂

Should this action be named `consoleLogData`, or should you be calling the action named `flag` up on line 230?

Reviewer 2: See also below.

Author: It should! Fixed this in a later PR, though not the one below! Good eyes, sir

```ts
import { DoneInvokeEvent, ErrorPlatformEvent } from 'xstate'

actions: {
  consoleLogData: (context, _event: any) => {
    const event: DoneInvokeEvent<Data> = _event;
    console.log(event.data.flag);
  },
  consoleLogError: (context, _event: any) => {
    const event: ErrorPlatformEvent = _event;
    // Event.data is usually of type `Error`
    console.log(event.data.message);
  }
}
```

### Assign action behaving strangely

When run in `strict: true` mode, assign actions can sometimes behave very strangely.

```ts
interface Context {
  something: boolean;
}

createMachine<Context>({
  context: {
    something: true
  },
  entry: [
    // Type 'AssignAction<{ something: false; }, AnyEventObject>' is not assignable to type 'string'.
    assign(() => {
      return {
        something: false
      };
    }),
    // Type 'AssignAction<{ something: false; }, AnyEventObject>' is not assignable to type 'string'.
    assign({
      something: false
    }),
    // Type 'AssignAction<{ something: false; }, AnyEventObject>' is not assignable to type 'string'.
    assign({
      something: () => false
    })
  ]
});
```

> It might appear that nothing you try works - all syntaxes are buggy. The fix is very strange, but works consistently. Add an unused `context` argument to the first argument of your assigner function.

Reviewer 2: FWIW I've seen this forever down in `services`. Same behaviour, same fix.

Author: Hmmm, weird!

Reviewer 2: Could well have been me not knowing what I was doing, been a while since I’ve seen it and can’t replicate in a minimal CSB.
